---
id: 103
title: Neighborhood Vehicle Share Tokenization
author: William H. <managingpartner@vidachida.com>
discussions-to: https://github.com/algorandfoundation/xGov/pull/103, @WILLIAMH76301 -Instagram- 
company_name: Lifeshare Revolution, ASA already created
category: Community
focus_area: Deployment
open_source: Yes
amount_requested: 250000
status: Final
---

## Abstract
This project aims to transform vehicle rental/operation for members of society who have not previously been able to afford such a luxury.  This is not the tokenization of assets explicitly, but a rather similar idea functionally.  This is a methodical business plan/implementation, not some attempted moonshot coin.  The tokens are essentially stocks in the company that people have the opportunity to buy in on the ground floor. 

## Team
Managing Partner: B.A. of Business Administration with a degree in Business Management and Master's level degree in Education - emphasis on secondary mathematics.  I have plenty of personal skin in this project already, over $20,000.  I'm not sure how/if the community can check that - but the AF has already audited our token/ASA LIVSHARE and can vouch/verify - I would think.  Technical Advisor: Ph. D in Computer Science and operates his own business -as well as lectures to students- out of San Antonio, Texas.  We will contract developers for the smart contract stuff, but the initial deployment to ensure the viability of LIVSHARE's tokenomics has already been facilitated by a good friend - it shoould be noted that that aspect is all pretty basic.   

## Experience with Algorand
No programming experience as we will contract developers for all things smart contract related.  I, the managing partner, have been closely following Algorand's progress for almost 3 years now.  I know how impactful it is - what Silvio has actually done with the solid state proofs and instant finality.  As long as the AF vows to assist me with some of the more technical details that I'm not 100% on, this would be a marriage made in heaven

## Present Proposal
Our business plan focuses on members being able to reserve and use a vehicle for two separate 1½ hour blocks daily at a cost comparable to 60-70% of their average one-way rideshare cost.  The Pera wallet serves as the keys to the vehicle - via communication with the vehicle through the phone's RFID technology.  Of course the vehicle has to have ingrained/embedded wifi so that the scheduling apparatus -people reserving/changing their usage "blocks"- can always communicate which NFT has the rights to use the car at what designated times.  All that's left after that is determining an acceptable central location - massive apartment complex most likely - to base the vehicle whereby we get at least 3 daily biters of our apples.  Surely the cost to install an after-market RFID "receiver" in the gas tank cover and integrating it with the vehicle's on-board computer can't be cost inhibitive.  The crazy truth is that even if the project isn't able to make adequate progress to the goals outlined herein, we can easily pivot and continue contributing to the Algorand ecosystem perpetually - IF this grant is approved and given the successful token presale of just 600,000,000 LIVSHARE tokens.
Our development team envisions raising the standard of living for thousands across the globe through the crowd-sharing -to invent a word- of passenger vehicles.  The end-user will be able to use a NFT in their Pera/Defly wallets in combination with the existing NFC technology in their smartphones as the “keys” to a vehicle.  They just have to agree to have the vehicle back to the designated agreed upon location by the designated time -and clean, etc.- or their NFT will be turned off and costs will be associated should they wish to restore their priviledges.

## Future Blueprint
The project aims to raise funds through the fair presale of up to 65% of the total token supply with 30% reserved for community initiatives and staking rewards.  4,000,000,000 max supply ASA token has been created.  Phase 2 focuses on the technical challenges and costs associated with installing after-market RFID chips in the door handle.  Phase 3 will address the issue of creating/programming the vehicle's onboard computer to accept the key and backwards communicate regarding aspects of the vehicle's performance and location.  The vehicle will have to have internal wifi.  Phase 4 involves fleet acquisition and deployment in 1 major metropolitan area - either Mexico City or India probably given their recent comments/committment to web3/dApp.  Phase 5 - Expand as the capital structure/health of the company allows.

The funds raised from this grant will be used to cover the advertising campaign needed to get traffic to our website - vidachida.com - for the token presale and incorporation costs.   

Excess capital that is raised from the presale that is not needed until Phase 3 will generate revenue by contributing to DeFi ecosystem liquidity pools.  As long as the Algorand Foundation can assure there are no rug-pulls in that environment, and no inscrupulous behavior on the part of Pera or Defly - our company is guaranteed to positively contribute to Algorand's ecosystem.  The smart contract will contain language that limits outflows from the account where the raised funds are sent that caps them at 10% throughout a rolling 365 day period beginning with the contract's deployment until day 730 at which time that limit will be increased to 10% of the company's total market capitalization. This aspect assures investors that no rug-pulls can be carried out with respect to this project/token.    

The initial token price will begin at the price of $0.01 USD -while having an immediate baked-in value of $0.024.  This means the purchasers would immediately be able to cash out their investment more than doubling their money - if they are impatient and opt-out of the lifetime rewards that are provided for in the already-deployed smart contract governing the token.  Those purchasers would just need Defly and Pera to deem our token as verified, and we then give both of them 100,000,000 tokens - to start - so there's LPs allowing people to accept my coins, which is actually them purchasing ALGOs.  It's really kinda genius what has been created/proposed here, not to pat any single person's back - as it's been a collaboration of wills and minds.  Then we just add liquidity to those LPs going forward, on an as-needed basis.  And we are dancing in the streets. 

A timed escalation mechanism -5 days- will increase the price by $0.001 each successive round and will not be offered in the U.S.A.  Radio ads to direct native Spanish speakers anywhere in Mexico will be effective - I'm fluent and vidachida means "cool life".  I can hardly believe I was able to procure that domain name at the undervalued rate -sound familiar Algonauts- because even one I tried before that, vidamejor - better life - was being sold for $9,000.  This one is better anyway, woohoo!  It's honestly the singular thing that makes me know the token sale will be successful.  I can either limit the advertising to Mexico City or open it up all across the country, it's simply a matter of how many tokens/shares that we want to allow being outside of our control.  I'd even be willing to simply let the AF be the majority share holder if they want to going forward, since it's technically their property in my eyes and they've proven to be good stewards.  But this project can literally be a "set it and forget it" type deal after the successful token presale.  Don't take my word for it, ask them.

## Benefits for the community
The prospective benefits this project has for the Algorand community cannot be overstated.  It's actually so valuable that it can be aptly characterized as invaluable - if you can wrap your head around that.  

This is a perfect use case trial for these burgeoning technologies and WEB3 dapps.  The project will contribute to the delationary mechanism inherent in the ALGO since plenty of minimum reserve balances will be created, it will be great publicity for the Algorand brand, and add significant robustness to the liquidity pools of the ALGO/ASA ecosystem.  At minimum, hundreds of thousands will have to opt-in to both Algo and STBL.  I think I'll even switch that halfway through the token sale to STBL2.  Just takes an addition of a line or two to our smart contract from what I understand.


## Additional information
The timing for this project is perfect.  Divine inspiration at play here I swear!  A slashing mechanism will ultimately be in place to punish end-users who behave dishonestly.  Token purchasers will receive their tokens immediately and they are automatically "staked" to earn APY - 26.8% - as long as the purchaser's balance doesn't fall below the initial purchased balance.  The managing director will provide monthly updates to the community through designated social media accounts and our company's website.  Please approve this grant proposal friends.
